# Date: 01-02-2024

# START OF SPRINT 2

I've uploaded a screenshot of my board for the week. It displays the many tasks I have to finish in this week's sprint.

**I started off by** writing my retrospective. I took a snapshot of my project board and contemplated over my progress from last week in a text file - 1h 15min

**Today I worked on** 
- github upload error handling - 15min
- middleware: format Data to lower case - 1h
- category CRUD - 1h
- Product Schema start - 1h 24min + 30min
- Product Router - 15min
- Product Controller - 2h 30min

**While working** I realized that I had forgotten to do a joi schema for the address array inside user schema, so I added another list to my project board in trello called review. This is where I add items that has to be reviewed, rewritten, or edited in some other way.

**A problem I had** was that I had mistakenly uploaded to github my credentials to my database in the connection string to the server. I fixed this by including the credentials in an .env file and creating a new password.

**Another problem I was stuck on** was the createProduct function. It kept throwing an error sayign that it expected double qoutes yadda yadda. I had to go through the whole Product function and schema, only to realize I have yet again just added a ',' in my POST request. I spent over an hour on that one. Nevertheless, at least I now know what that error means. Whenever I've had that problem before the console has just read something about json, hence I thought not to look in my request until much much later.