# Date: 01-14-2024

# Daily

**Today I worked on**
shelf component - 3h 
buy button - 2h
cart drawer - 3h


**Project board additions:** I realized I had forgotten completely about creating a customer context, and order context. So I added the former to this weeks planning, and the latter to next week.


**A major 'I wanna hit my head on my desk' moment** was when I wanted to add a button and an overlay over my movies so that when you hover over them, a buy button appears. I played around with display:hidden, through conditional CSS, etc. Eventually, I decided against it because I was spending too much time on one component that didn't really matter that much. I might go back and look at it again if I have the time.

Today has really only been about me trying and failing. All the things I seem to want to do take too long, or it just doesn't work. I started on the shelves where the movies are at, but I still have to add a scroll and transition effect on its outer div. It works as it is though if I don't find the time to fix it. I might just add a "show all" button in that case.

Another 'ugh' moment was the drawer. I tried using Tailwind first, but when I tried to attach my logic to it, the transition effect disappeared. I suspect it had something to do with how its 'open'-state was handled. But as I found myself (once again) spending [read: wasting] my time trying to fix something, I decided to try another component library, and I settled with MUI. It has yet to fail me, and lo and behold, it didn't. The drawer has a nice transition; all I need to do is add a close button.